[doc] Added reference to the PMD extension for bld (#4738)
pmd/pmd: docs/index.md

* As a [Maven goal](pmd_userdocs_tools_maven.html)
* As an [Ant task](pmd_userdocs_tools_ant.html)
* As a [Gradle task](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/pmd_plugin.html)

> * As a [bld operation](https://github.com/rife2/bld-pmd)

Reviewer: Since #4669 we have a own documentation -> https://docs.pmd-code.org/snapshot/pmd_userdocs_tools_bld.html

```suggestion
* As a [bld operation](pmd_userdocs_tools_bld.html)
```

I'll also change the link for gradle to point to https://docs.pmd-code.org/snapshot/pmd_userdocs_tools_gradle.html
